update store description (#3210)
deltachat/deltachat-android: store/text.md

# Full description (max. 4000 characters)

Delta Chat is a decentralized and secure messenger app

💬 Reliable instant messaging with multi-profile and multi-device support.

> ⚡️ Sign-up is easy - you don’t need a phone number or any private data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚡️ Sign-up easily using secure fast chatmail servers. You don’t need a phone number or any private data.
```

> 📧 Can be used as an e-mail client with your existing e-mail account to read your inbox as chats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📧 Alternatively, use your existing, classic e-mail address to read your inbox as chats.
```
